Cool. Alright, so why don't we just make the most of our time? I'm gonna start recording.
Okay guys, so this is Brent Paine. A lot of people rent actually on Monday. We're talking about how they need help with SEO.
Sounds great. Good.
That's great.
So I was like, oh, I have the perfect thing for you playing this week. Brand has been coming to our Chicago programs for years.
Always a fan favorite and now super grateful that he's willing to help out with our Bay Area program.
So he's really an expert in this. Helps startups all the time. So make sure that if you have any questions you ask.
This will be pretty interactive. So like. Feel free to just have a discussion and he's going to go through the companies.
In the order they were in in the look book. So if we don't get to you, feel free to reach out to Brent separately.
I know, but usually like companies to email you. Is that correct? Cool. Okay, awesome.
Yep, that's great.
Well, I'll hand it over to you so we can make the most of our time.
Great. Thanks for having me. Yeah, I've been doing this for quite a while with the tech stars, teams at 1 point.
It was up to like, 2025 locations. But I was during COVID and I kind of backed off because that was a lot.
But, it was, it was a lot of fun and I'm enjoying, working with, I think I have like 5 or 6 that are still working with, out of the text location still.
So this actually was built out of not being able to go to conferences. We used to do site clinics live at conferences.
Have people throw their business cards in a bowl and we pull a card and we go through it. We'd have beers on the table and shots of tequila.
We'd have like trench coat or like lab coats on from like doctors like clinic. It was fun.
Drop most of the antics and. You know, don't know the alcohol be the right thing to be throwing into these as well, but it was fun in live and in the clinics.
So, but we're going to get into this. Something a lot of you are pretty new. So we're not gonna talk too much about link building and link structure with each of you individually.
I will give some overall general things that you need to do. But we're not gonna get into like the nitty-gritty of link building for each individual.
I guess company. If you have a specific question about link building, please do ask it when you're, you know, when I'm going through your company or if we decide to cut it off and do it QA at the end, which might be a good idea.
Then, we'll go ahead and open it up for QA if anybody has questions specifically around the building.
But, with that, I'm gonna get started and just kind of run through like I said, the look book and go from there.
And if people aren't here, that's cool. Well, just move on to the next one.
No. Offense taken and I'm sorry for the reschedule. Like you guys, I'm also very busy, so.
I've got a lot of things going on. I was sick for 2 days. And it just put me behind.
Hey, it's all good. They understood.
So, all right, a foreign health. Afford health, are you here? Hey, Nelson, talk to me.
Nelson is right here.
Tell me your elevator pitch. What do you guys do?
We help patients manage their medical bills. Through organization, error checking and negotiation with health care providers and insurers and then also payments.
Okay, so one quick question. Have you guys looked into the all the medical codes as an option?
Have you guys looked into that from like a content perspective or not?
No, that's an I mean, there's so many.
There are and there are a lot of searches around those that you may want to look into as soon as you can.
Okay.
The reason for that is that, we have done a lot of work with other health like insurance type companies, etc.
And we've noticed that a lot of the Search volume is really around these codes and so that might be a good thing for you guys to jump into.
Right away, you can just build out a lot of content around each of the codes, individual landing pages for each one, talk about what they mean.
You know, just the, the giving questions around what those might be would be helpful. Do you feel that alliance with you or not?
I mean that's That is interesting. Like to try to, to rank higher.
My source material would be the, you know, the AMA. Way that they describe the code so I'd probably I guess to not violate copyright have to do some kind of word massaging on the descriptions of the codes.
One
Well, let's look at it real quick. So there's not a lot going on here because you guys are new.
Yep.
But this is a tool called A. Trafs. What it does, it looks at your back link profile, primarily also gives you a lot of information on keywords.
Information for SEO. I highly recommend you guys at least get some type of login for this.
Maybe you guys share it across the entire Stars, group. I think that's against their terms and conditions, but whatever you guys decided to do, it's a very helpful tool.
So I'm gonna look at the keywords explore real quick. And do you know one of the codes or not?
Okay.
What are they called? I are Q codes or ICQ, what are they called? CPT code.
Thank you.
CPT codes. Yeah, I should just mentioned that, I updated my landing page and now it's try data for dot health.
So that the dubbed up just goes to a Bye.
Oh. I redirect. So these CPT codes, things that make sense to you.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, like 9 9 2 1 3.
Right. So, oh, also someone watch my time, please, and let me know generally like 7, 10 min from there.
I got you.
Thanks. Alright, so yeah, these codes, this is the search for him that's happening.
Okay, so search volume just in the United States and just Google. And we are seeing a massive amount of searches happening for this 23,000 searches, little difficult for you to rank for.
This is a keyword difficulty score. It's they're trying to mimic with the Google algorithm probably does.
It's not super, super accurate, but it's definitely directional and it is a logarithmic scale from 0 to a hundred.
So as you can see, 66 and 63 would be really hard for you to ring for you to be like a small media company really to get that type of link structure.
But the fours, the sixes, the threes, the fives, like all of these are just gold for you at 6.8,000 searches month 5.2,000 searches a month etc and it could really drive some awareness and get people to the website itself.
But you would need a write something about it and dig into it. I would lean on the LLMs for this if I were you.
You know, I think that would be a really good place to start. You could even, you know, Scrape the AMA website, pull the data in, pull that into your prompt with the LM, and have it be a little tighter as far as relevancy is concerned.
And then we do have a fact checker that we just made today. Where you like go through, I'll let you guys borrow and use it.
Where you can go through and make sure that the facts are actually accurate in the LLM didn't hallucinate anything.
So, It would be a smart move. There are a lot of these. I think overall volumes, 2.1 million on the codes.
So I got lucky with you on something that quickly mentioned. Outside of that, what would be your number one phrase you'd like to ring for?
Medical bill help
Medical billing health and medical bill health.
Medical bill help. Yeah.
Oh, medical bill help, sorry. Call bill
And 2 terms, let's get. Helping more.
Oh, assistance.
Separate company systems.
So, medical bill assistance is a little better than help. So number one might want to start with assistance.
Number 2, it's also harder to rank for medical bill help and look at the volumes how low they are in comparison to what we were just looking at.
Hmm.
So I love what you guys are doing. I think that you need to come about it a little sideways.
Because the people are looking for the CPT codes. Might be on a insurance bill, right?
Trying to figure out what it is, how it works. Etc. So there are some other questions here for like who qualifies for financial assistance for medical bills.
I don't know if That works for you, little better volume at 1.7,000.
Etc. So when you're building up the site, you're gonna wanna make sure you include some of these key phrases in there.
When I'm looking at your homepage, obviously not a lot there. When we go here, master your medical bills is close.
The LMS might be able to figure that out. Google might be able to figure that out.
I think getting relevancy completely right for you guys. As a startup is super important. So as you get more link structure, you get more established, you get more authority, etc.
I think there's a scenario where you guys can be a little looser on, Relevancy, but now I would highly recommend you guys get the key phrases that you want to rank for in the title tags.
In the H tags or the big bold text here. You know, headlines of the pages, try and get that key phrase in that 1st paragraph.
And then you can kind of you know, a back off a year from now and get a little more marketing savvy.
But you've got to get people to the website. Obviously you don't want SEO to get in the way of conversion or your brand.
But we do need to make sure that we. Gonna get people to the website. You said joke, I was the SEO director for Tribune for a number of years.
Handled like 7 different newspapers and 70 different broadcast sites. And I tell him all the time it's like Pulitzer Prize winning journalism is awesome and it's really important.
But we also need to make sure that we're relevant for the key phrases that we're trying to show up for.
Example of that was the Hudson River plane crash. We changed the headline from 2 wings and a prayer.
Hmm.
To find crashes in the Hudson River. On New York Times did not they had some other you know fairly relevant headline and we ranked number one or 2.
For Hudson ever plane crash got 6 million visits to the site. And we reported on an AP store and just rewrote it.
So, they watch the playing sync in the Hudson and they are on the 4th page of Google.
So, you know, relevancy really matters. Sometimes it really matters even with larger sites, but for startups, it's absolutely imperative that you guys get that right.
So, highly recommend I like medical bills here. You know, get help with your medical bills, might be smart.
You know, whatever it is you're trying to do or, you know, medical bill assistance, made easy or something, you know, throw it at the end of that would, would be good.
Brent, that's about our time for Nelson.
Great. Frequently ask questions. I love this. Okay.
Frequently ask questions are great. How much does this cost? How much does what cost? What is this, right?
Medical bill assistance costs. How much time does it take to get? My medical bill help that I'm looking for.
Let's be a little more specific and how these FAQs happen. Also there's a tool in here for questions.
That really would help out for you. Get rid of this. And, you know, what happens if you don't pay a medical bill?
There's a ton of questions in here that you could easily answer. Either via a blog post or via FAQs on each of the pages so happy to spend more time with you if you're interested 30 min totally free brent aloud that us to set that up or prince calendar.com if you want to dig into it a little bit more.
See if I can get you farther down the road on the on the medical codes as well as the medical billing stuff.
Thanks, Nelson. Alright.
Awesome. Thanks, Brent.
For everyone on the call, everybody is a good example for everybody else. So everything you just did with Nelson, you guys can follow along on the platform as well after this.
Since we have 24 not everyone's gonna go through so make sure you're still paying attention because it's all extremely relevant to you guys as well.
You're all at similar stages. And Brent, I already shared their your email in, in our project management platform with them.
So they know to reach out.
Sweet look at you a plus student. I love it awesome. Alright alibi you guys here
Come on, this was a fun one. No. Oh, they did? Okay.
So they pivoted. So this actually isn't going to be their website anymore, so we can skip this one.
Okay, next.
Yes, I'm here. Hi, Brent.
Talk to me, what do you guys do?
They're here, Antonio. Or Ali. Cool.
Okay, we have a wearable and an app that measure your level of stress and anxiety and help you announce your mental wellbeing every day.
Nice, I like it. I love wearables. I'm really into it. I've lost 55 pounds since Christmas Day and so like I'm all about the wearables right now.
So anything I can track, anything at all. I am on the GLP one, so I am quote cheating, but, it is awesome.
Thank you.
And so totally into the wearables. All right, so, it measures some type of, biometric to make you realize that you're all stressed out, you need to calm down a little or something.
I'll access your calmness, most center itself. So what do you think the head phrases for this?
Like, what is it? You're like, trying to really hit.
The one phrase.
Yeah, so, we're revising the website completely. I mean, this was the 1st draft, but we, we want to, address the cluster of users that are stressed and they want to measure they like to measure just like you said by the way i lost 40 pounds myself to thanks to yo watch and now it just got the order ring so we wanna we're gonna tackle those kind
Yeah.
Do you?
of users that you know they wanna track their progress and the mental well-being. Basically, I think the key would be mental well being stress, emotional regulation and stress regulation.
Okay.
Yeah, like measure stress. Do you not want them to be into neural feedback therapy anymore? So like that's not part of it.
Okay. Got it.
We are kind of setting that aside. We're like with the new GDBDs we are more focused over the continuous monitoring of stress and so yeah yeah.
Yeah.
Got it.
So stretch management, you're never going to ring for nor stress management techniques or skills. So we gotta stay away from what you really, really, really want and we gotta find other ways to get to it.
From an
So, if you can clarify these numbers, but I'm not following that well here.
So what are we looking and what should we stay away from and Can you? Yeah.
Yup. So stress, management would be a very big key phrase, 17,000 searches a month, but it's super difficult.
It's a keyword difficulty like an 88. You're gonna have to be like a web and D or you know one of the major hospitals in order to be able to rank for this.
You're also in a space that's called your money or your life. So, you know, it's not super your money or your life, but it's like right off the edge.
It's health related. So Google has a full other algorithm of critiquing the content that's on the pages to verify its authority, backlink structure, etc.
Much, much, much more difficult to rank in the YML, section of the internet.
So You need to be very careful with your citations, make sure you cite things as much as you possibly can in any of your blog posts, make sure you have a accurate bibliography or references at the bottom of the pages.
Things like medically reviewed by or you know things like that you're gonna really need a layer heavily into your website a authority and trust inside of the site.
So what I would recommend are individual author pages that have a profile for the author, a link back to their LinkedIn page, it's a fairly trusted source for them to be able to scrape and see what's going on there.
Link back to any other place you can vouch for the relevancy of whoever that author is that's writing content.
And then go back from their example with Dr. Rivas, one of the weight loss management clients that we have.
They, you know, have a special profile just for Dr. Rivas where changing that a bit to make sure that Dr.
Rivas has his medical schooling background, a link to where his medical clinics are. And we're really trying to exude, authority and trust on the site.
There's a lot of detail there, but really just spend some time digging a little bit into some of the SEO best practices for making profiles.
If, you know, creating trust in authority on web pages and you'll be much better off.
That said, stress management, even with all of that, you're not gonna be able to win because it's got a keyword difficult to even 88.
Which is just outrageously high, almost like CNN level. So, we gotta find ways to come at stress management from around.
Something that's not mentioning stress management itself. Let's try stress. Straight up and then dig into.
The easier term. Here's a great one. Stress rash. Be able to talk about that's not quite where you are today.
But by the end of most of these cohorts, most of you will end up in the thirties or so.
You wanna target lower thirties, you know, someone there is where you end up. Making that you'll have enough link structure from enough to press enough of the things that happen throughout the you know accelerator program that you guys end up in a pretty good spot from a link but a structure perspective.
So I would target this thirties range if you guys use the tool later for you stress rash might be one of those great topics to cover.
You know, why is this happening? How you can help deal with that stress hives is another one.
See how I'm coming about as sideways on getting you relevant traffic. But also making sure that you aren't going after terms that are way, way too difficult for you.
Stress than an is kind of useless see if you stress does not really thing, stress balls.
You could get into that but Really important lately with Google's algorithm. Is staying pretty tight to your taxonomy to your words, the information that's on your site and try not to go too far off and left field to capture traffic.
They had a whole update that was just about targeting websites that are trying to just create content for SEO.
And so stay tight to truly being helpful to your users, what they need, what you're related to, and stress balls.
Like right on the cusp of there I would say it falls outside of what you guys want to do unless you really use them a lot for some reason.
But let's focus more on what your app can do and, you know, what, the, the wearable can help you to achieve.
What about emotional regulation, for example?
Yeah, emotional regulation might be a great way to go around this. So. I don't think there'll be any volume for like people searching for, but let's find out.
Oh, that'll be nice.
I might be wrong. So emotional regulation, yeah, 13,000? Right? So it's not bad, but it's really difficult as well.
And then we drop off. Pretty significantly. So what is emotionally regulation? Yeah, it's only got a thousand searches a month.
Yeah, and maybe that's enough for you, right? Maybe you're trying to target that type of stuff and let's not get too obsessed with the volume number, volume number is important because we want to make sure any efforts are putting forth actually have people looking for this but If it's a perfectly matched key phrase for you and it's only a couple 100 searches a month and you know that's exactly
what your users looking for. High 5. Go for it, grab it, especially with an easy term to manage.
So, you know, I don't know if you target kids or not. But you know, there's some stuff here, ADHD, and emotional regulation.
So there are some good ties here. It's just much lower volume. But what is the total?
46,000 on the other. And the top 4 terms make up. You know, 15,000 20,000 of that.
So you do have a longer tail here. It might be useful. I don't dislike emotional, regulation.
I think you get rank for that pretty quickly. I do think that stress the key phrase stress and then finding ways around it might be more helpful and get you quicker results.
The idea of SEO. Is to put you on a path where you're getting free traffic to the website.
So that all your metrics look better so you can pitch better to people that are gonna write you checks.
So I love the tech stars groups because we can truly make an impact. To your overall TAC, right, to your.
Just your overall model and why people would want to invest in your business. So, it's important there.
Vincent, you had a question.
Yes, my question was, Does the Google search engine, work differently for, not just finance and lifestyle?
I know that's true, but are they able to separate between direct to consumer fintech versus b 2 b sales. Because consumers need to be protected for sure.
I know that their policies are on that, but B to B, we might get caught up in that same algorithm.
I was curious what your experience been for like b 2 b sales.
I would agree that Google is going to look at it more from a.
Yeah.
Key phrases, taxonomy level, which would probably affect B to BI don't have a Perfect answer for you.
So I will research that and get an answer to you if you reach out via email. Brent at loud.
Dot us. But I would assume that you will have the same problem.
Yes, I work with Antonio in aware and about the authoring of the articles. We are actually writing some of the articles and asking our advisory scientists in therapies to edit them.
Yes.
And so they would be editors with their profile and LinkedIn as you were saying, is that equivalent?
Or good enough.
Yes. Yeah, it is. As a matter of fact, we are using AI generated content for a number of telehealth companies and then having them medically reviewed by XYZ with a big FAT certification or medical degree or something.
But verifiable is the core here and think of verifiable from a search engine perspective. Not just a human perspective.
You want both because humans also need to trust you. But the SEO side of it is that you need to be able to crawl the pages, link to pages, and have words on the pages that you're going to that would allow them to trust it.
So don't, you know, don't use like doctor. P. Morgan, right?
Like, I have doctor, I don't know what the Jane the piece stand for. I should know that.
Sorry. But like we needed. You know, spell out the full name. Disambiguate is the core problem got a disambiguate that Brent paying from the Brent Pain that sings country music.
Okay. So, that's, really important. All right. We have a couple questions.
Okay.
Yep, you got it right. Thanks, Brent. This has been excellent so far. I really appreciate it.
Yeah.
Just pulling up a question from the chat. So I think a few of us are curious, if you can just orient us to what we're looking at, more specifically the other columns.
Yep.
So just kind of think it strategically, like I said, cost per click, some other things. Just curious, how you go about breaking all that down
Yep. Yeah, so, again, a tool, A, traps, like, 70 bucks a month or something.
I don't know what it is. I spent 2 grand a month on it because I have some crazy like login.
Emotional regulation is obviously the key phrase, KD stands for keyword difficulty, logarithmic scale, 0 to 100.
So it takes twice as much effort to go from 10 to 20, twice as much effort again to go from 20 to 30.
Etc, etc, etc. So junior high math plays really important here. It is not like linear.
You have to have a doubling effect for each 10 that you move, which becomes outrageously difficult when you start getting, you know, above like 50, 60, etc.
This here is search volume. For the United States, that's currently flagged here for Google, which is currently find here.
You can look a bunch of other stuff in here if you want. I pretty much use Google, but YouTube's useful, Amazon sometimes, etc.
You can pull down. Then you have the chart of kind of the last 13 months of what it looks like.
So you can see like cool spikes and drop so ADHD emotional regulation has significant drop off.
Not sure why. Don't know. GSC is global search volume.
So this is country based. This is global. MD is mobile versus desktop breakdown. It's usually about the same always as you can see.
Looks like there are a couple here. So just mainly a desktop. Query and then TP I don't remember what the stands for traffic potential is worthless HHS like algorithm is horrific when it comes to this.
So, they're trying to mimic like how much traffic they think the website gets, mostly used for black hat, SEO, and buying links and saying that you have a market for it because they're real links.
And reality guys, it's just a bunch of crap. I can show Google search console data, which has accurate information, Google analytics data, and it is sometimes 17 X off from what this traffic number is.
CPC is literally cost per click. I don't do costs per click. So I don't know how reliable this CPC number is, but it is very directional.
CPS is a number of clicks for search. So some searches are more research oriented. So they'll go to more than one click.
Looking at, you know, buying airline tickets or something. Look at 5 or 6 of them. As you can see here, this has a lot much higher CPS or clock clicks per search.
Then others. So they're clearly researching emotional regulation activities. They want to look at more than one.
I get a bunch of ideas from a bunch of different blog posts, etc. So that's how that works.
Parent topic. SF is search features so search engine results pages features what's all the crap that's on the website for Google?
Other than blue links. And then when Aress 1st saw this particular don't on a particular something.
The key word and then last time it was updated usually it's pretty Good over here. So, so that's what it is as we go through the rest of thing.
Great question. Sorry. Alright, any other questions?
So that's that's okay. Yeah, that's our time for aware. Antonio, if you have a super fast question, but then we need to move on.
Yep, sorry, I'm telling you.
1st question, which is actually for everyone probably. So, how, how am I gonna use this?
So if I look at those keywords, basically I need to try to use as many as possible on the content generator on the web page.
And so instead of writing just emotional regulation, maybe in a title food, what is emotional regulation, emotion regulation skills for example.
Yes. Yes.
So try to try to write the content in every page of my on my website.
So we target 3 key phrases for a homepage. About 5 key phrases, maybe 10.
On a category level page. And then as much as 20 key phrases and a blog post. Now, the AIs.
And search engines are much smarter than what they ever have been. So do not keyword stuff, your articles.
Do not make your content crap by putting it in a bunch of key phrases. So smartly integrate these key phrases where you can.
The length of the post is not what matters, it is the breadth and depth. Of the content on the page.
Around the core key phrase. That usually means the more words you put on the page. The easier it is to accomplish breadth and depth.
However, it's not keyword count that matters. Okay. So Typically it takes 1,500 to 2,500 words on a blog post to really get that depth that you need.
But if you're doing a great job mentioning awesome like entities, novel entities, different types of key phrases that you just completely nailed on Antonio, right?
A being able to work these into a blog post as best you can. Awesome. Totally and completely awesome.
But if you make the content crap, the AIs and the search engines will know. And it's not gonna work.
Also you need to have positive feedback loop from the users. So if you have port user engagement on your content.
Doesn't matter what you do, you're going to have a really hard time ranking not impossible.
But a really hard time ranking your content. Unless you do crazy things like rent, residential IPs, from Amazon, AWS, and you have it fakely crawl your pages and, you know, go through this whole rig of aurora, impact those type of metrics that Google may be looking at.
So anyway, there are ways around a lot of stuff, but usually just doing it the right way is much smarter.
And frankly, much more sustainable. Okay. Alright, I'm gonna move on. Again, I'm available.
Cicada music. What do you guys do?
They're here.
Hello.
Hey, hello. And so we help musicians get, monetization, better, monetization of their concerts, their gigs.
Nice, okay. You picked a rough time to pick the name, so you're aware that like there's like a massive brood of cicadas happening this year, right?
I am I was not but
Yeah, so you're gonna have a hard time ranking on Cicada because of all of the news in and around all of these bugs that are like this big that come out and start flying around and it's like one of the biggest years in 17 years.
For cicadas to be released from the ground. It's gonna start happening as soon as spring comes.
Not saying that for like
It's a great great year to yeah to promote ourselves in a other way with that.
Yeah, I mean, maybe you could, but you're gonna have a lot of noise in your search results for the word cicada.
So I would try and integrate into your name, Cicada Music. I know that your, your domain is cicada music.
Yes.
But I would almost put it into your logo as well. Just because you're gonna be fighting a significant uphill battle on the words of Cata for a while.
I am not a brand marketer. I'm an SEO. So if you hate it from a brand marketing perspective, that's your call to make.
But be careful because the news is gonna be all over these stupid cicadas for a while, at least through the end of summer.
So.
Yeah.
So we, yeah, we were just thinking, you know, Cicada music. It's started something like Spotify music and then became Spotify.
So without start a secular music but then move to Cicada but if you if you give us different advice we'll We think about.
No, I think so kind of music's great. But I think you should integrate it here and get people to say it and every time you mention your entity, music, redoing interview for anything podcast or whatever it is you guys are doing to promote this say, cated music.
So in the AIs, LLMs, and the search engines all pick up this data.
Your entity is tied to Sticator music more than just Cicada, where you're gonna get squished by the bugs that are out there.
That was a, that was a fun play on words. Okay. So can the music you guys, also are doing much better on link structure than everybody else.
You're already at a 17, for example. Most of the sites out here are not getting, this many links already.
You have 34 different links from 17 different domains. What are you doing and how are you getting these?
Yes.
Looks like you fill out a bunch of player of company profiles. So guys, great example. Of what you should be doing to get just the baseline stuff going for SEO link structure.
They have a crunch base, they are on player FM, they have a link from tech stars, which every single one of you should have a link from tech stars to your site.
If you change your domain a thousand times during this, make sure you get that link updated to be going to your new you know, domain, whatever might be.
So that's really important. I don't know if JP Morgan is giving out links on to everybody.
But wow, that'd be a nice ask for tech stars to get done for you guys. I'm not sure where JP Morgan is out on this, but a link from Chase or JP Morgan would be outrageously powerful for all of you.
So, think about that from a link buildings perspective. Again, you know, more.
Profiles and things set up how did you get all these setup did you just go through and manually do this or is there a submission tool this is quite a few for as young as you are.
So some of the things I can tell you how some of them I don't know this should be a question to our CEO.
Okay. Yeah.
And yeah, been been in some of the
Okay.
I love podcasts for at for link building, by the way. The podcast are still very viral.
They tend to like. Automatically populate to dozens of other podcast sites. So if you can get.
A podcast set up for yourself, have a decent conversation, be mindful of the words you say in the podcast, try and have like some notes written down next to you with different key phrase you need to hit on because it does get you know picked up and understood and then be careful how you mentioned your entity and what you guys do, etc.
I think podcasts are a great way to build some links for you. It's even smarter because you're in the music industry.
So it makes a ton of sense for you. But I didn't like your link structure.
You're one of them that I wanted to dig into. Overall anchors. So anchor text matters, the blue underlying links that are, like the text that's in the blue underlying link matters.
So think about that. When you're building out your site, how you want to be. Jumping to each of these different pages.
So monetization may be music monetization, artist monetization will be a little stronger. If you don't like the way that looks.
You can put a title attribute on your A tags. It is not a title tag, it's a title attributes.
And what it does is, can I quickly do this? I'm not gonna take your time.
What it does, it gives you a helper text over the top of this and it also sends a pretty strong, to Google.
What the page is relevancy. It allows you to add more to here. I'll just do it this way.
I'll give you an example. One of our clients.
So, so I think live performance or concert monetization, do you mean like you hover above it and you see some text?
Hello. So.
Yeah, so we did it for. For this one of our current clients, 5 11 tactical.
Yeah.
You'll see here that it says new, But as you help protect, it says new men's tactical gear.
Much more relevant for us. On the title attributes here, training is men's workout clothes, outdoors, actually men's outdoor clothing.
See what we day we kept the NAV clean because I couldn't get brand the division to sign off on the ones I wanted.
So we snuck them in with title attributes instead. It's a good way. This one's a little long.
I think that's a coding issue. But normally you wanna keep you succinct, but and accurate.
Because you don't wanna, mess up your Aria. You're like more or less for all the blind people and stuff crawling the internet.
There are certain laws actually that you can't you know, break. So you have to stay relevant to where it's going, but you can take some liberty as to what you're doing.
So men's outdoor clothing. Versus outdoor still passes the area of regulations. In guidelines. So, anyway.
Yep, it's just, it's in your A tag, that title equals double quotes inside your A tag.
Just a low level HTML attribute. Yeah. Good night. I see.
Okay.
Really powerful. And then monetization. Engagement, QR codes. Got it.
Blog. I do. I do, I don't like. People sticking blogs only in the footer, like the blog link.
It doesn't have enough weight. To really make an impact and you're really doing a disservice to your blog content.
If you hate your blog so much that you won't give it a Nav link, then you should fix your blog.
So like that is the more important aspect of this. So I love that you have a blog link in the NAV.
We do currently have clients that still have the blog link only in the footer. It's just silly.
So, try and make that always happen at least somewhere in the habit can be under a subnab if you want but at the very, very least get it up.
Top not just in the footer or you don't have a footer you may wanna have a footer for like terms and conditions and like all the garbage pages that don't really matter.
But I would recommend getting that. Give me that done. So your anchor text for inbound link structure, try and make it.
Either branded okay so I like this because Google is not gonna get you're not gonna get in trouble with Google is very normal link structure.
And anchor text with that link structure. You have, you know, a couple of URL types, right?
You have your brand and that's it. If you can get You know, artist monetization as anchor text and a few of your links that would be hugely helpful for you to rank for, artist monetization for example.
So try and get some specific anchor text links, but if you start getting just. Anchor text links that are.
For. Your exact key phrase, it's not gonna work as well. So see this or even a really strong, balance here between branded terms, the URL, the full URL, and then this is their money term right here.
They are an in home pet Euthanasia company. We only have 35 anchor text links coming in with that.
We have branded terms and URL terms well above. What we have for in home pet euthanasia.
But this is core to them ranking so well for in home pet euthanasia. We have some down here.
Here. So, you know, smart ways to kind of lay out your ankle text that you start to get inbound link structure.
So, especially strong for. You know, media mentions, podcasts, things like that.
Making sure you get that right. If you're not gonna get a lot of links, the one from the New York Times try and get that anchor text awesome.
I think.
Okay. If you, then that's cool, with the branding. Okay.
Ally has one question for you, Brent. And then we ran out of time now.
Yep, sorry. Go ahead. Yep.
Yes, super quick. Is it relevant to call it blog or newsletter or community? Does it change at all?
It doesn't really matter. Google News used to hate the word blog. They've gotten away from that recently.
If you're trying to get into Google News, I would maybe stay away from blogs.
If you're not trying to get into Google News, which is, you know, quite a bit harder than it used to be.
I don't know if it matters too much. We do like branding them usually. So, you know, like, I don't know, the cicada corner or something, or, you know what I mean?
And something like that. It does get in the way of The users finding the blog easily. So keep it the word blog in there is helpful for the user.
But there's really no SEO benefit to changing it to something outside a blog. And I don't think it even matters for Google News anymore.
But I'm a little rusty on that particular. Recommendation. Yeah.
Thank you.
Brent, can you just quickly point on anchor text link? On our website.
Yeah, so, Inquotex link would be, you know, these are all anchor text links.
They're also navigation links, so they're both. The Anything, in the blue of the Here, let me show you a better example of one that I like.
So another client. I naturally sure. Is there a link in here somewhere?
So. Quality of life scales, decent example. Read more is a terrible example of quality anchor text can I get see how she even she's a doctor, right?
We don't have a profile setup yet, but we will. In HOME pet Euthanasia.
There's a great example. So that helps to drive. Relevancy to the in home pet euthanasia page.
Which is here for us to be able to rank for in home, but you can look at all this text.
Oh my gosh, I love it because I built it. But try and get a lot of content on your destination.
For sure.
It is actually linked to myself to my website to some content on my
Yeah, yeah, you can link within internal links, don't matter as much. So, you know, asking your mom if you're good looking, it's like, sure.
Yeah, of course. Thanks, Mom. But mom usually says you're good looking. I wish you have one of those moms that are brutal and mean.
But, you know, getting a poll from my total strangers at the bar that's a little different.
Then you get a little better feedback, similar with off page SEO or off. You know off site links coming into you.
Google trust those a lot more. Because they find them to be much more valid than internal ones and internal ones helps Google to understand what you would like to be seen as.
And so sticking with the analogy, if you know you think blue eyes are awesome, then tell Google that a million times.
If but it may not matter if No one else thinks you have beautiful blue eyes. Okay, so there you go.
Thank you.
Alright, I personally think bald guys are awesome. Okay. Alright, trying to throw some jokes in here to keep this, keep this going.
All right, who is next? I've got, that's not you.
You had
Here we go. Thank you. Yeah, circle plus. Perfect.
Search plus, what do you do?
Brian is here.
Hi, Brent. So we basically help. Accelerator programs, one, is the portfolio.
Data, a good way to think about, is what content, a good way to think about and see is what content does was that a couple of, we're doing for that of metrics.
Our landing page is not updated. Yeah.
Metric structure.
Okay, so You are doing What what key phrase, symmetrics?
Startup metrics. Startup metrics start up metrics.
Startup metrics, start a metric.
Or accelerator programs.
Yeah.
Yes.
For accelerator programs. Okay. So your clients or your the clients you want are tech stars? You're in a great spot, man. Good job.
Yeah.
There to go. Okay. All right. So startup metrics is probably the term we're going for.
Let's see. Wow, lots of links. Look at these. How did you get that to happen?
How did you get all these links?
This is spontaneous. It's not by design. I'll just put, like randomly use case scenarios that probably try to source information and you also have our own like distribution channel that we think would generate traffic to us.
We use our website. What do you call it? An encyclopedia, current, whatever, but we will source our data.
We open this our data and from there we have links coming back to us. That's the. The rationale you're hoping.
User these are kick ass links man like this is awesome. I mean the scores here are great. They're like real websites.
I can tell which I won't get into how I can tell. But like most of these are pretty good.
Have an article, maybe not, might be a spammy site, but like most of these are pretty, amazing.
The key word number, by the way, is usually the dead giveaway on the number of keywords that they rank for, the way, is usually the dead giveaway on the number of keywords that they rank for.
The fact that this one only rings for 8 keywords probably means that there's something wrong with the site and Google isn't ranking it.
So, but the rest of these are pretty good. This one here is definitely a spam site.
It's got the word SEO in the, in the domain, which I hate to say that about my own industry, but usually they're all spammers.
And then keywords are 0. So that's the entire domain doesn't ring for anything at all.
Which you know it's kind of red flag unless it's a startup but startups don't usually have really high scores so these guys are just gaming the system a lot, you know, some of these are gaming the system.
So be careful on, you know, who you're trying to pick off. From your competitors.
So that's 1 thing I didn't mention is that this URL can be anybody. It can be your competitor.
Put in your competitors, URL here, grab their link structure, look and see where they're getting links from.
You find some really, really cool ideas in here. But try to stay away from anyone that doesn't ring for any key phrases.
The traffic number is directional. But Google and I Google all of the spammers have done a great job of figuring out how to get the traffic number up.
Hence it's just rent a bunch of residential IPs from Amazon and, go hit the page a billion times, after you go to, it's really simple.
But for keywords, it's much more difficult because this is indicative of what Google is allowing to rank.
And so, to just be careful on how much you steal from your competitor here and which ones you grab.
So, I like your main structure. You rank for some key phrases. Now, only one.
Why?
Brent, can you go back? That. People on the chat are asking what we're looking at here.
So what is DR and is it correct that those are people who are linking your page on their page and it increases legitimacy.
Yes, so these are, domain rating. Okay. So this domain rating is, based off of reps.
It's not a Google domain rating. But it is directional and tries to mimic what they're doing.
So the DR is for the overall domain itself. And it's also on a 0 to a hundred scale, a logarithmic scale.
So the 0 to 100 scale is also tied back to the key phrases. So in a perfect world, which nothing is perfect in SEO, tech stars would be able to ring for any key phrase that's up to an 83.
On that other on that other list, which I can't really give a good example of because it only got one.
But over here, this keyboard difficulty. Would be the same as the DR. They would correlate.
Got it.
Okay. So getting a link from tech stars like I mentioned. Getting a link from an 83 domain rating score is phenomenal.
So the closer you get to the homepage, the better, and all links period. So homepage links are awesome.
Farther away you get from that it becomes less powerful. So I mean, I could spend 2 h just talking about link building.
But in this case, try and stay focused on the, on the, the main rating. Generally directionally and then be careful if that domain.
Doesn't rank for anything or close to anything like this. Or this one for sure. Right? It just means that they're just a spam site that's doing a great job inflating these fake numbers and then selling links for hundreds of dollars.
Per link. And actually makes no impact to you. What so ever when you, get links from these types of sites.
So. You know, was that helpful?
Yeah, very helpful, very helpful, man.
Yep, that's exactly.
Great. Other questions on the channel? I'm not monitoring it perfectly, but I saw one that said, you know, if your websites change, what's the question around that?
Nope, nope, that was me responding. I'm managing the chat. So I'll just keep telling you.
Thank you.
Okay, good. Cool. Cool, thanks. Alright, any other questions from Circle Plus?
Alley.
I just want the question. If you scroll down, I don't know if you'll just scroll the way down.
Hmm.
So one thing to be careful here. Search engines don't interact with the page. So you might be fine.
I haven't left your code or how you work, but if you don't load content. Unless there's a user interaction, Google will not see it.
So super important and all these cool ways being technologies that look cute and fun. If you are not loading all of the HTML and all of the content.
Okay.
Upon page load in the DOM. You are shooting yourself in the foot. Maybe worse than the foot, because Google won't see anything because they don't interact.
So anything that requires user interaction to load. How which I think your site's doing. Would be a problem.
Yeah.
See, so I have to scroll beyond this point. In order for more content to load. So the only thing Google seeing on your site, which might be why you're only ranking for Circle Plus, is whatever is here.
Or whatever you'd load. Okay, so change that today. And get it to load everything.
Without user interaction and that goes everybody on the call okay I know it's really fun to have infinite scroll crap on your websites But it doesn't work for SEO.
Okay.
Yeah.
So yeah, this one quick question. If you scroll down to Encyclopedia, I just call to the bottom, second section from There you go. Encyclopedia.
Let's take a. Oh, there it's got it.
Go down. It's like a video. Just click that. I don't know if it'll load.
So now all we do is we're directing traffic from here. Is this a strategy? I mean, I would call it almost an equivalent of a blog, but what we're doing is open.
You do. Yeah. And I'm trying to like.
So do you all in disrupting dot Africa? Yeah. So, will give you lots and lots and lots and lots of credit for this.
Google won't. So be careful on this goes back to the similar scenario of like asking your mom if you're looking.
But now you're asking like a cousin that the need to sound as weird as it did, but it just accidentally fell that way. Sorry.
Alright.
But like it's like it's still fairly easy for Google to know that you're all one big happy family, your IP addresses, your logins, the users that go there, who your who register the domains.
You know, just all of that stuff. It's just really easy for Google to see like, okay, they're all in the same family.
Sure we'll give him some credit here but it's not gonna weigh nearly as heavily as getting completely honest real links coming into the site that are not associated with you.
Should you do it if you own 50 sites? Of course. Absolutely. But don't think it's gonna be the thing that solves it.
We did a lot of this in 2,004, 2,005, 2,006, that we as amount just for one, wasn't even around then, but we as in the industry.
We generated. Tens of thousands of blogs. They're called. Personal private blog networks, VBNs, private public networks.
And we would point 10,000 links at a certain page because we own 10,000 different domains and it worked really really well.
Well, Google crushed it by the end of 2,006 or somewhere in there. My years might be off slightly and that was the end of that.
So this is really. Especially at small scale, 1015 sites, you know, you're not gonna hurt yourself.
But it's not gonna be as nearly as powerful because we exploited this at the level of 10,000, you know, private blog networks, back in you know, 20 years ago and I'm old.
Okay.
So that's what happened. Do it, but You gotta do more than that.
Okay, and A traps will think because they can't figure it out and their algorithm doesn't share it.
For powerful awesome link. That Google will know it's your cousin. So. Okay.
Alright. So plus thank you. Feel free to put more time if you want. Club Rec.
What do you guys do and are you here?
Yes, we're here. Thanks, Brent so far has been great learning. But so what we do at club record is we help companies review that and higher quality candidates faster.
Simply split, yeah.
Okay. Higher quality candidates for what?
For We're kinda we're industry agnostic so higher quality candidate for job.
Yeah, for both.
Jobs for like full time employees. Okay, so not like house stuff. I thought it's not one of those, but maybe I was wrong.
So you're recruiting company.
What? Is it software that does it? Is the AI that does it? Is it an app?
What is it?
Yeah, alright, so yeah, I was in my pitch, but yeah, so essentially so, we take AI scoring and matching and partner with gig industry expert interviewers to create a quick turnaround time.
From application to, to interview.
Okay. And so you analyze the applications that are there to get the best. Possible like applicants, I guess, right?
Right, right. All right, yup, so our AI, it creates a comprehensive job match score, and then pushes it off to a industry expert interviewer to conduct the 1st round interviews with within not 48 h of the applicant.
Got it. Got it. Okay, so. A, interesting.
Very, very cool tech. I would love to work with it because it's scraping data and, you know, it sounds fun.
Freelance interviewer. That's what your ranking number 12 for why why is it so high for just the freelance interviewer?
What did you do on this page?
Comic book interviewer.
To be honest, I think it's, I also we've actually went out and did some sourcing and and to pull some expert interviewers onto our platform.
To get them to sign up and so We utilize a link then just like direct messaging to individuals in certain industries that we're servicing so for a for example for our beta test clients is in the health and wellness space so we reached out to a lot of health workers like therapists and things of that nature.
To introduce ourselves and try to get them back to signing up as a expert interviewer.
So this probably anchor text I haven't seen yet. I would assume it is. You are, this is a perfect example and I could have done the last one, I guess.
But notice what content is actually being seen by Google here. It is very limited in comparison to.
This is what Google is actually seeing for text on the pages. Is that and this and then.
How do you know what this is? What is this crap inside your? Page. It's somewhere.
You need to get rid of it. Okay.
Yeah. Yeah, so we're actually redoing our marketing page. So it's gonna have less.
No, I say, Yeah, place harder stuff in. I don't know.
But this is in English, right? This is like placeholder stuff, right? Okay, yeah, so be careful of that and then you're scrolling of some sort is causing same issue as the last one where it's not picking up a lot of the content.
So again, get rid of anything that has to do with user interaction. In order to load content. So that might be part of it.
What I liked about this is that freelance interview is ranking number 12. I don't have a search volume.
But there is a lot of relevancy here. I'm gonna bet there's probably. The Thank you, your text coming in.
Let's find out.
No, I don't have any. No backlinks either to the exact page.
Okay, I don't know what it is. But someone interesting. Alright, so you are in the HR space.
Yes. Correct.
HMM blocks can be my way.
Who is a competitor of yours? Give me that.
So I would say like indeed.
One Anyone closer?
Actually, actually use another one, cause you use paradox.
That'd be better. Actually, no, the, I used to paradox.com or something else.
It's a paradise.
Yeah, I got it. Okay, strong, competitor. 113,000 Mac links, etc.
So what are we gonna do here? We're gonna get, look at the keywords, find out what they ring for.
We know they're gonna ring for the brand, so whatever. Great Wolf Lodge. This I guess is one of the clients.
Yeah, so they are ranking for client names by having individual companies in here. Decent strategy to rank for the company that you're targeting.
Or like an account it's like there's a certain buzzword for this but you're trying to get in front of the people that are doing the queries at the company.
So you're kind of doing a b 2 b SEO play here and your goal is the target.
Vanity searches. So as the Grey Wolf Lodge. Team searches for Grey Wolf Lodge, you wanna try and show up high enough that they see you and they're like, hey, what the hell is this?
So maybe Grey Wolf Lodge isn't perfect, but Great Wolf Lodge, hiring Ray Wolf Lodge jobs, Green Wolf Lodge, things like that could be an interesting play for you to build out thousands of profiles on companies and put the word hiring or jobs or something like that.
Inside of there, not because. People will be necessarily searching for it, but the HR managers might be searching for it inside of the company.
It's a very powerful way to, you know, show up and you don't have to shop number one.
You can show up somewhere in the 1st page, second page, because these HR people are going to be digging a little bit deeper.
And that's true for all vanity metrics. Fountain Blue, I just actually stayed there a couple weeks ago.
They, you know, when you're doing a search for this term. A little low, 58.
See what else you got in here. Compass group. Most of the stuff they rank for seems to be that.
But let's get positioning in the top 20 so you can target something real.
Dare work, see? Arimark jobs.
Hey, I recruiting. That's an interesting key phrase. Only 1.9,000 searches.
All of you are in a camp CREATE. May, say, Gray Wolf Lodge jobs.
So smart. Paradox. Alright, give me, Let's do this again. Okay, top 20 sure, volume, yep.
Wrong way. There you go. Deep jobs, it was on jobs, recruiting. See, they're doing the same thing.
So you need to build up profile pages by the company. And then add maybe something it has to do with AI and HR together.
I won't be able to get you, I'm using advice in the next 3 min, but spend more time with me and we'll figure this out together.
Helped indeed and shift gig. Do this exact same thing. We're beating career builder. From Schiff.
I don't think they're tech stars, but they're a Chicago company. And we rang for bear for a bar back jobs bartender jobs waitress jobs, etc, for shift gig, beating out.
Career builder monster and all those this is like almost 10 years ago now . But. Bye.
Yeah, you're obviously worked. You must have worked. You worked with Paul Woof at that time.
Yeah, I may have been Paul. I know I worked with Eddie Lou the most, and Sean something, were the 2 owners at the time.
Eddie is a unique character, but a really smart guy. So. The Let's spend some time together figure out exactly what this is.
Okay.
But. It's going to include creating company profiles, 100%. And then let's try and figure out a couple of other ways to do it because these might be getting really difficult.
On the companies that matter. Unless we go after a niche or a bunch of smaller companies, which might be a good play too, or we stay after a certain geography.
We won with shift gig. By getting links from Salt Lake City. Companies to the Salt Lake City page.
We got links from DC to the DC page. We got links and we didn't pick, we didn't pick LA.
Chicago or New York. We picked smaller like 1,800,000 population cities and then we got links from there.
The big big win for us for shift gig was getting link some bar attending schools and college recruit the college jobboard pages.
So maybe look into college jobboard pages, find niches of like weird institute schools, etc.
They kind of break into there. We did something similar for Cappex back in the day with their college rankings, pages, etc.
So, there might be some fun things to. The playoff at there. And guys, that's for everybody on the call.
Right, ways you can find localized links from the local area back to your business if your local focus business.
We did the same thing with we're doing the same thing with coda pads. Every time they launch a new city, we make sure we get links from the different areas.
Chamber of Commerce is a really easy one. You know, mayors offices, etc, talk about whatever it is that makes unique and interesting to a city or a municipality.
Getting links from you know local colleges and schools and stuff not even like necessarily colleges. You could get a seminar or give great information to a high school.
You know, trade schools, even church schools, etc, easy links to get, from a hyper local level.
But it needs to go to your hyper local page, not your homepage or if you script all of your link structure for your site unless you're only located one spot cut hair, you know, your hair slot in one particular city and that can be anywhere.
Then you can send it to your homepage but generally send it to your or individual like location pages when you get those types of ways.
If you can control, if you can't, it's not that big a deal. Unless you didn't mass, then it becomes a problem for your home page.
So I'm going off into tangents, but helpful ones, I hope. Alright, Klobrak, I'm moving on.
Yeah, we'll follow. We'll follow with you. Brent, thanks.
Thanks, man. Dub Prime, are you here and what do you do?
Let's see. Are the Dev Prime guys still here?
Go house.
They may have jumped off. 10%. Okay, next. Yeah.
Hi there. We today we are a AI power platform for home personalized. And credit card redesign renovation.
Good.
Today we are focal more in the core and we integrate this platform with the retailers company. Yeah, so we work with the retailer integrating this platform and their customer can have this experience of renewing or redecorating, really assigning the whole.
Okay, and are you redecorating with furniture or are you painting thing? Are you doing everything?
Got it.
Hey.
We, we are today focused more in decoration and elements like furnitures and the gravity elements and then we are going to move into more paintings and maybe construction, but today is more decoration.
Right. Okay, so one of our clients like your furniture rental company or they were are you renting the furniture?
No.
Or are you selling the furniture?
We are and we are only the integrator here. So we integrate the platform into every we are good yeah so
So you're the designer. Like, like, like the interior decorator interior designer.
Yeah, for example, if you go up, you can try the platform with Walmart in Chile, a bit more up.
We have 3 platform today. The living room, the terrace and the baby room so you can design here the 3 of those and the checkout process of every furniture that you buy is with a Walmart earlier in this case.
Got it. Okay.
So you go into this platform, you put your size, you know, we discard you the cardiac style and then we show you a mood work and then we they take out it will be everything from from the rotator.
Okay, got it, got it, got it, okay. So you have an app that walks you through this, etc.
Spanish mostly.
And this. Sorry?
You're mostly Spanish folk, you're Spanish. Where's it something else?
Yeah, we, it's, it's, or language in Chile. I'm based in Chile.
Got it. Oh nice, okay. Hi, entire one side of my family's from Chile.
Like. 300 year. Yeah, so. So, fun.
Nice. Right. Have a good.
I've never been there. Alright, so. What can we do here? Go back to start.
Yeah
Yeah.
So, you have to return to the web page. Go host that. Yeah. Okay.
This is the app. So I'm gonna get out of here too. Alright, so let's find out.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
What we're doing with these different sections. So we have 13 links. The whole domain. Yeah, thing going into here.
And we just change this web page 2 weeks ago. Is the new one. Yeah. In case.
Okay. One referring domain goo house. What is go house? Do you know?
They lay this one before. Before we have that name and that yeah We change.
Other one for. I got it. Let's look and see what you're doing with.
Just be a good thing to tell everyone.
Okay, so. Go to your house. What happens? Okay, you do redirect.
Oh yeah.
So, everyone, need to make sure you do 3 1 redirects from any of your previous companies or domains that is relevant to your current business.
Really important that you take the time to do that. Think through any companies that you may have done before.
Example for me, I. Started a lyric website back in 2,003 and I was super excited about it, managed to rank on a bunch of nickel back lyrics specifically.
I couldn't understand what Chad Kroger was saying when you said look at this photograph. And I ended up ranking really well for a bunch of nickel back stuff.
I think I sued for, 57 billion dollars. By the music industry because I guess lyrics are legal so oops and then I had the choice of either continuing to get sued for 57 billion dollars from water travel music or unplugged my server that was literally in my closet.
So I'm plugging my server for my closet. Hindside, I probably would've fought them and probably won and I'd probably be a billionaire by now, but that is okay.
Okay. So point to this is that I forwarded lyric fault.com to loud interactive in 2 in 2,011 when we started.
Lyric fault. Sorry, we started loud interactive. I rank for nickel back lyrics on Loud interactive without any nickel back lyrics on the site for another 2 years.
Because that's how powerful it was the inbound link structure coming in. From all the press negative press that I got from Warner Chapel Music and me having nickel back lyrics.
Okay, so. Hey, I love nickel back, don't judge. Number 2. Relevancy does pass through to your domains.
So please, 3 1 redirect anything relevant. We're not trying to ring for Nicole back on an SEO website.
But we are trying to pass anything forward that we possibly can. I truly believe that the authority that came from that helped loud to be successful.
And being able to rank for terms that we had no right ranking for that were in our industry. But I don't know if that would be applicable now, you know, 15 years later.
So your mileage may vary on the authority push, but I think if it's relevant, you should absolutely get it done.
3 1 redirects are better. And I'm glad to hear that you guys are updating that.
The next thing.
That was an amazing story, Brent. Also that's our timer for Go House so that we can get through a couple of more.
So if you want to just wrap up with this one.
Okay. Got it. I'm gonna mention one thing for the group. When you do an update for any type of 3, one redirect, you need to get a few of the old links.
Manually changed. To go to the new website. Google just doesn't trust old domain changes, they don't trust the main changes.
Unless they have some other signals to verify that that domain legitimately changed. Why? There's a lot of SEOs are buying expired domains of companies that went out of business and their 3 1 redirecting them to their sites.
And so for $12 they can grab 12,000 15,000 links and get it redirected to their site.
Trying to stop this. By making sure that some of the links that were on the internet did truly change from go house to go house.
Alright.
In the HTML itself and not just relying on the 3 0 1 So you guys would be really wise to go update your crunch base, tech stars, etc.
Thanks, S.
Sites that you can change from goo house to go house. Okay, and it goes to everybody else.
All right, who's next?
Right.
Gift Graham.
Okay. Kevin.
Going once. There you are, great. What do you guys do?
Yep. Hey, Brent. Yep. Yeah, so, so we, are in the process of pivoting, but we're converting digital gift cards into NFT memberships for independent restaurants to drive loyalty.
And guest identification.
Love it. We worked very closely with Raise for quite a while, until George moved, to Florida.
Yeah. Awesome.
So we aren't working with him much anymore. I mean, also was associated with some pretty crazy things that happened in Chicago around a different startup.
But, anyway, so. I like the idea here. Be careful of fraud. Really, really, really big deal.
And you know.
I used to work for race, so I know very well. What they experienced. Yeah.
Okay, good, great. Alright, so you know everything about it. I'm glad to hear that
Yep.
Yeah. Kevin, what it is it helpful to go through this website if you're pivoting like would this be a good use of time?
Or do you just want high level advice since you're not gonna use this as much?
Just like a quick, yeah.
Okay. Yeah, I mean, we it's still gonna be, I/O, so yeah.
It's still gonna be the I/O.
So yeah, sharing me the I/O. So, and you're moving to NFTs now, right?
Right, correct, yeah.
So that's the big thing. Yeah. Okay, so let's look at NFTs specifically.
Oh, I just hit my tongue.
Alright, we're gonna filter immediately. Yeah, the keyword difficulty of being like a 30 or below.
And see what
Okay, so NFE news.
And this is, you're doing an NFT to subscribe to your restaurant. So what restaurants are using NFTs and explain how that works and what the scale is on the NFT and restaurant tie in.
Yeah, so, there's really not many right now that are it's very relatively new.
So we're, kind of gearing it towards a purpose to really drive, guest loyalty and engagement.
Got it.
So it's, it's a membership type of situation that we're gonna create the NFT.
So the the exclusive benefits provided with it.
Okay, I know someone who's doing I know someone who's selling tickets like concert tickets on the blockchain.
Yep. Yep.
And NFTs and stuff. Matthew, a great guy to connect you with.
So I can't remember his name right now, nor the company. But he's being very successful in the Chicago land area, one of our top clients back in the day was like a, Chicago ticketing broker.
Cold just tickets to be exact but I can't remember what the new It is, yes.
Is that Michael Saunders? That's crazy. I used to work for that company. As a coder before they pivoted, they used to be in restaurants.
That I worked there. I when it was talked.
Oh, well there you go. Yeah, Captain, that is his name. Yes, Captain. So, you introduced.
That is crazy, Brent.
Yeah, he actually introduced me to, Mr. Beast, which I thought was really cool of him to do and, you have to talk to their team, not him specifically, etc.
We're off on a tangent. We got time. So, And Is it gifting?
Is it restaurants? Like what is my what's my filter word here? Like what what is it?
Yeah, independent restaurants. Or restaurants.
Is there any restaurants? Thank you. Let me try restaurants, see what happens. No, here.
Yeah.
Really? But it starts, you know, you know, we have A 100. What's Fly Fish Club?
What is this?
Fly fish club is Gary Vee's place so he's trying to establish the 1st NFT restaurant
Well, that's fun. So can we get Gary V?
Terms and static. Can we play out for there? This is complicated. We get ring for some Garyvee stuff, but Gary View.
Yeah.
Okay.
Might come after you too. There's a whole other story about. I got in trouble with Taylor Swift for buying Taylor Swift 22.com once so Be careful on how you go after some of these people because they have really aggressive trademark people.
Yeah.
Gary might be one of them. Alright, I am going to beg you to get a hold of me.
Offline. And we're gonna walk. Through things much more detailed and spend a lot more time giving me a headache.
I'm trying to figure out how to get this done right for you. But this is too complicated during the short amount of time.
Okay, cool. Okay, no worries.
So I'm gonna skip you, Kevin. I'm sorry. Please reach out. We can talk about George and apparently captain now too.
Yes.
Okay. Alright, love it. Course, what do you guys do?
Hey there.
Hey, we are a. Company. Corsal helps people. No, when and where their money is being spent and how it can be used to work harder for them in their daily lives.
Okay.
This site here is a landing page. We change this maybe. 2 days ago. Maybe 2, 3 days ago.
Okay. Got it. Are you linking out here?
No, good. Don't be putting logos on your homepage and then linking out.
Okay. I like the logos. Really, really awesome for like social proof. But JP Morgan and Tech Stars and VC and plug and play don't need.
Got it.
Your links. So do not do that. And you're not, but I see a lot of text those companies do this.
You need to be very, very like. Conservative with where you're linking out to.
And it shouldn't be these. Okay. This is just brutal, man. Brutal.
I know, I know, Let's see.
Okay. I get that we need to have terms and conditions in certain industries and Like, make this load only upon user interaction, please.
Okay. So that we can get all of this crap out of Google's algorithm. And this thing does not load until you scroll down the page and then you can load all the terms.
Got it.
Conditions and crap that you want down here. This will kill your site if you don't get rid of all of this text.
So make it only happen under user interaction. Put it in an image, like there's like a million things you can do.
But I don't want Google seeing this on your pages. We work closely with, on real estate.
Calm now that used to be something else. Adobe. Back from one of the tech stars company I think 2013 and They took 7 months to get rid of the terms and conditions crap.
It was like 3 times longer than this and it was just brutal. We finally figured out a way to do it.
I didn't think of, I don't think there was. The option for, upon user interaction.
I get rid of this. That is your biggest problem with this page. Anything else? Talk to your money is also super vague and ambiguous.
Okay.
Don't you know what it means? It's cute, but it's 2 wings and a prayer.
Versus, you know, plane crashes in the Hudson River. So be mindful of being relevant.
Like I opened with in this, entire seminar. Because you're not being relevant with this.
Title tags. Talk to your money again. So what does this whole talk to your money thing?
Like what why are we all in on talk to your money?
So. Yeah.
Hi, my be able to jump in here a little bit. And it would have been nice to have the older website.
So really this is a lot of advice that we've received from some of the textures mentor and it's all about connecting to our customer from some of the textures mentor and it's all about connecting to our customer from like a more emotional lens.
So we had a website with all the different sections and it's all about connecting to our customer from like a more emotional lens.
So we had a website with And we temporarily, since we're preparing for the, the launch of our app by the end of this month.
We decided to have a more t-shirt type of landing page that we're gonna be using across different social and marketing channel so that's why this one is not intended to like really tell you much because it's gonna be a company all their different efforts on you know the whole go to market.
Got it.
But for our actual official, we're working on the actual official website. That's gonna be.
Yeah.
Really soon maybe in a couple weeks from now too. So we will, I'll definitely hold on your word and we'll definitely bug you after that main website is, launched so we can have some of your feedback.
But going back to the Going back to like the section of your saying like the terms and how heavily regulated it is, it is something we do struggle to and even if Even if you go to our blog, not anymore, but.
Alright.
Even below like the blog post we had at disclosure in the past about how this is educational content, not meant to be doing financial advice, data, but So how do we how do we go about that?
We thought because we never I never even thought this could hurt our Okay.
Yeah. Yeah, so everything I told everyone to stop doing upon the user interaction scrolling because Google can't see it.
I want you to do that instead. So put it under code that is only visible upon user interaction, some type of JavaScript thing or a G query thing or something.
I'm not a coder, but that's what looking for and then it still shows up on the page for the humans.
Because the humans need to see it or else all the lawyers freak out. But it doesn't need to be there for the search engines.
So let's get that removed. Be careful. Because some of your partnerships will require that some text shows up where they're gonna audit you.
Hmm.
And so you should work with your partners because for example with the MLS and real estate stuff.
On real estate.com had to be very cautious about, you know, when they were using content from the MLS, there had to be a certain disclaimer on there and the MLS audits it so they see their text on the website.
Because they're scraping the web, grabbing this stuff. Then and they don't see the disclaimer.
Then you get in trouble. So You're gonna need to have a fairly decent programmer looked at how you're gonna do this, but the secret to this is put it under.
Upon user interaction and then communicate well. With your suppliers or lawyers or whatever on what you guys are doing in case they're doing some type of automation too.
The audit you. Okay. So that's the biggest thing. You talk to me in 2 weeks.
As for the top few money thing, I'm not a brand marketer. I, I see ones and zeros people, like whatever, like if that's what you guys wanna do, that's awesome.
I don't like it because it's not relevant. So we need to find some. Some way to win on both.
So that you guys can get the brand message that you want, you know, speak to the warmth and fuzzy feelings of people's emotions.
And also get, you know. The math and science people. Probably a lot of finance people.
To your pages as well so you know, at relevancy, need relevancy.
I don't see it here, but some landing page and it's for a different purpose. So talk to me in 2 weeks.
I'm moving on. Yep.
Brent, since we only have 3 min left, could we just open it to any questions before we wrap?
Oh yeah, sure. Go guys, hit me with your QA.
Does anyone have any questions? Anyone we didn't get to specifically, I want to open the floor for you guys.
Anything that Brent can help you with before he leaves. Yeah, go ahead.
Yeah, so our site, using the client side rendering. And then, yeah, as far as I understand, as far as I know, Google sees that.
But we tried with the a a a ref and I don't think they see. Does it matter?
Yep. What's your name or what's your brand or what's your, domain?
Run back.
Rumbare. Plug, pro.com and yeah, but it will be redirected to the platform.
Yeah.
Thank you. Okay, so. Google does read JavaScript. Okay, Google has a system to do this.
So one, they come to your page. They determine whether your page is worthy or not. To have JavaScript done.
And that's a huge hurdle right there. And then they'll come back with the JavaScript reader.
And read the page. From the JavaScript reader. The JavaScript reader still does not interact with the page.
So that's still a huge difference. Google can read the JavaScript at all the cool things you have as long as it's loaded in the DOM.
But if you need to interact, they no longer are going to see any of that stuff. I don't like JavaScript content that matters.
Because you have to get past the 1st barrier of entry. Are you important enough to send out the JavaScript?
And for a startup, you don't want to be in that situation. So hydrate your pages from next.
Make sure you have very little things in JavaScript that are important. Like don't put NAV and JavaScript, etc.
And then go from there. Okay. Next question.
Great, great. Yeah. Thank you for the advice.
Good question, so. Dan from Web Vizio, do you have any questions? Because I feel like yours, is super relevant to us and we didn't get to you.
Or did you have to drop?
Okay.
No, I'm here. Yeah, I'm here. Yeah, I do actually have a question.
I, Brandon, I do have some Mark, a digital market in the ground myself. So, and I, we already like, we already have like keep, who already did the keyword search, we already did the keyboard allocations.
We already have some, contest voltage in place with, you know, commercial intent versus intentional or informational intent.
My question is regards to key working, cannibalization because I talk with different agency and some of them saying that, like, so for example, you have a target keywords that most of your competitors are ranking off, right?
Yep.
And, we have specialized industry pages for like feature by feature, right? So and we using this keywords on this particular page.
But the same time, what they did before, I use the same keywords and for my homepage or any other pages.
Do you think like like and edges is usually saying that it kind of can, like, like, and, just, usually saying that it kind of canabolize if you use the same group of keywords.
Between multiple pages and they offer us some like very irrelevant keywords with like low keyword search.
Which is I don't know if it's like really true because I don't see that much.
Effect of like that new keywords that like brand new compared to our target keywords on the whole page.
Okay, perfect example of this.
So do you think the cannibalization, it's a it's a thing.
Yes, so perfect example of this is right here in Google search. Gone. So if you don't have Google search console set up for your site, should have started with this.
Go, go, get Google search console. It is a direct line of communication from Google. How do you know about cannibalization?
In other words, yeah, multiple pages. On your site ranking for the same stuff. How do you find it?
How do you know it's occurring? Easy. Google search console, pick the query that you're trying to target.
And then go to your pages report. This is Henley and Bennett's real data. So please don't screenshot this.
Henley and Bennett for aprons.
They are getting a hundred 78,000 impressions to the aprons page. The essential brown apron is a product page.
Can't really get rid of that. The herbal garden one is another one. But the homepage here is another term.
There's another page that also rings for apron. Now, should we freak out and go, oh my god, like where do you have 2 pages ranking for the same thing?
No, because there's only 1,700 impressions happening on the homepage. Who cares?
Yeah.
A 178,000 is the impressions for the all aprons page. Who's winning here?
Obviously the all aprons page. So that's the one we want to focus on. When we get into a much more difficult scenario, like the new knives or knives, chef knives, etc.
We get into a situation where. We have a bit of more of an issue. Okay, now this is 26,000 29,000 impressions and 53,000 impressions.
This is true cannibalization. Why? Because you have a high percentage of the impressions going to 2 different pages that are very similar.
Knives and chefs knives. You have clicks at 43 and 20. So again, very, very tight a knife here.
This should be resolved. How do we resolve it? Way too much time for me to be able to handle for you, but you want to pick a word for here and pick a word for here.
You gotta do some research to find out which one's which. But this is true cannibalization.
The apron one. Yeah.
The one before, but the lower percentages is not. Okay. Yeah Okay, this is not a big deal.
Because, these are products you can't get rid of them. Although great tip here for you guys.
If you're at a link to the. On this page All these pages kind of link to each other.
Just pick one. You pick all 5 of these and link back to one of these pages. You would also solve the problem of cannibalization.
So find the ones that are that are almost cannibalizing each other are cannibalizing each other and then trying link to one option.
Versus, having a flat link structure internally. Works better with the evidence external links but internal links will make a difference here too.
We solved a lot of these problems with group on, for example, by what we put in the nap and what we put in the footer.
Mostly that have in order to solve these internal issues, but they are a very large site with hundreds of thousands of pages with decent inbound link structure from external.
So they are not anywhere near being the same type of site that you are, but that is those are ways that you can solve it.
Love the question that was awesome. Thank you, Jeff.
Okay.
Yeah. Good question, Dan. Brett, do you have time for one more? Because Valeria has had her hand up for a while.
Amazing. Okay, thank you.
Yeah, I'm good for another 10 min and then I need to get out of here. If you guys want to stay, if you don't, that's cool.
Okay. Awesome. Well, Brent, 1st of all, thank you so much. This was incredibly informative.
I am just like, I've just been taking notes like the entire meeting. It's been crazy.
Thank you.
But, I was gonna say like, SEO is something that I'm not well versed in.
And so like this was a big learning experience for me and I feel like there are a lot of turns that like flew over my head and like while I was Googling some things like something they would come up and I just got torn in a lot of different directions.
Okay.
Do you have any kind of recommendations of like a good starting place to really get the fundamentals? Of SEO down like a crash course.
Yep. I like the SEO starter guide. By Google.
Okay.
Why? Not only is this tell you a good starter guide for SEO, but it also tells you Google's perspective on everything.
Okay, you gotta know what the speed limit is if you're gonna. Decide whether you're gonna follow it or break it.
Okay, so this tells you what the speed limit is like I'm best friends with the chief of police in town so I can go 45 and a 30 and not worry about it.
Okay, same thing with Google regulations. You gotta know where you're at and what you need to do.
And then if you choose to break those rules, that's your own choice, but at least you're informed on what they are.
So I prefer this 1 first.st Bad read, you can also just chat QPT at a few times if you want to like get some synopsis and do the Cliff Notes version.
Is decent. It gets a little. Self promoting. That's not bad.
Backlinko. He was pretty good. He sold recently, so I don't know what his companies like now that he sold it.
That makes change.
Brent, where is checklist I used before from several like from Sam Rash. I think it's pretty decent.
Yeah, I see. Yeah.
Sam Rush is good. Searchions in land are searching in a journal I like overall for decent info.
But really you know, anything. Okay, most anything that shows up for SEO starter guide is not bad.
Okay.
You're Simrush is right here You know, but anybody can make these now because with LMs. Like this one's pretty good.
It does cover a lot of stuff. It's kinda quickly, scrolling through. So Dan, I'm impressed.
I like. Your your guide. Read the Google 1 first.st Then just pick one that you like.
Okay.
If you get bored, flip to a different one. Okay. It's SEO, so it's not gonna be like super But I won't be too bad.
Awesome.
Good question.
But be careful, be careful on,
Careful in reading too many blogs on SEO because they'll start to get confused and wonder why we know and agree on anything.
Like we don't have the recipe to the Colonel's chicken. We just eat a piece of chicken and we're like, yep.
Yeah.
Kind of feels like there's some flower in here and a little bit of red pepper flakes and we go do it.
Like it's like Hell's Kitchen, like when they try and mimic Chef Gordon Ramses.
Stuff, right? We don't know what the hell we're doing exactly. We're getting it together generally.
So you'll see a lot of conflicts and opposing opinions in the industry. So Google, so source of truth, Google always will tell you what to do to improve the users, blah, blah, blah.
But, You know, they're gonna be all about content content is king, but they're also not going to lie.
They might say something today and then tomorrow change something and not tell you for 10 years. They're very good at that.
But they're not going to lie in the moment that they say it, cause it's too much of a legal risk for them.
Too many people involved. So listen to Google. Google has a really good podcast called search off the record.
Okay.
Which I like as well. So the more interesting. So, and you get to learn the personalities of the people that are involved in Google search console as well.
So they're very, very, very nerdy people. I like Gary a lot, but he's more my personalities very blunt, bold, rude.
Like just aggressive guy. John Mueller, super nice, but a little too nice.
And then they got something Spliff. Can't remember his name right now. That's a little more alt if you would.
Let's see what else. Anyway, this isn't a bad one. Put in the chat so you guys can go look at it.
Again, Google is gonna tell you from Google's perspective, so. Pay attention to who the author is, pay attention to who's writing, giving the advice.
Everyone has. You know, a motive. So. Be careful.
Awesome. Thank you.
Alright, what else? Any other questions? Okay.
Yeah, we have time for like one more question. Let's see, like Talks, Lexer, Travis.
All the companies we didn't get to do. Any of you have any questions? Where are you good to go?
Or anyone. We have time for one more. Jump all.
We email, I think, but yeah, we.
Yeah, just email. Okay, cool.
Alright. Yeah, yeah. So shoot me an email, Brendan, Loud that you asked if I don't answer in 24 h.
Thank you.
I won't see it because I get about 300 emails a day. So hit me again. Brent at, you know, sorry, Brent's calendar.
Dot com for booking meetings with me. Don't put more in 30 min. If I blow you off, it's because I do have paying clients.
Keep coming back. I won't blow you off 3 times in a row, but I might get you once a price.
And I love all you guys. You are amazing people. I love entrepreneurship. I would never ever ever go work for the man again.
So I love what you guys are doing and I pray that a high percentage of you guys are successful and for those that aren't.
Figure it out like you'll try 3rd for 5th company from now you'll nail it and it's still better than making 12 bucks an hour somewhere.
Okay. So, Congrats on all of you for making it this for our tech stars. I'm super proud of you.
I want to help you as much as I possibly can. I got a business to run too. So, okay.
Talk to you all soon and hopefully. Okay. And I'll talk to you guys later. Alright, see you.
That's awesome, Brian. Thank you. Yeah, thanks for your time. Thanks so much, Grant.
Alright, thanksTalk to you later